Added docs for cli v2 (#388)
archway-network/archway-docs: content/2.developers/2.developer-tools/1.introduction.md

## Archway Developer CLI

[Archway's Developer CLI](/developers/developer-tools/developer-cli/developer-cli) is the recommended tool to build, deploy, configure, instantiate, query, and interact with smart contracts. You can find the Archway Developer CLI's github repository <a href="https://github.com/archway-network/archway-cli" target="_blank" >here</a>.

There are three core goals of the CLI:

- Speed up development
- Deploy, connect and interact with contracts on Archway
- Encourage security and best practices for developers

We recommend testing the [Archway CLI v2 (alpha)](/developers/developer-tools/developer-cli/developer-cli-v2) and submit any feedback in the <a href="https://github.com/archway-network/archway-cli/discussions/210" target="_blank" >Github Discussion</a>.

Go to the [Developer CLI page](/developers/developer-tools/developer-cli/developer-cli) to find more details regarding the different CLI versions.

## arch3.js

> [arch3.js](/developers/developer-tools/arch3js/introduction) is a JavaScript library for interacting with the Archway Protocol. `arch3.js` eliminates the need for working with multiple <a href="https://github.com/cosmos/cosmjs" target="_blank" >CosmJS</a> clients by extending their functionalities while also complementing it with Archway's unique reward system. The Github's repository of **arch3.js** can be found <a href="https://github.com/archway-network/arch3.js" target="_blank" >here</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[arch3.js](/developers/developer-tools/arch3js/introduction) is a JavaScript library for interacting with the Archway Protocol. `arch3.js` acts as a drop-in replacement for the CosmJS client library, extending its functionality and allowing for easier interaction with Archway's reward and fee sub-systems. The Github's repository of **arch3.js** can be found <a href="https://github.com/archway-network/arch3.js" target="_blank" >here</a>.
```
